Ah, who knows what's wrong?
Someone who looks exactly like you
This is 1 million enough to tell me again
Stop working
My mom said there's no way pie falls from the sky
This will bring unexpected disasters
Mr. Chen should take it back
It doesn't matter.
Just a little money
Just think of it as what I did to you last night
compensation
This Chen Ling is quite playful
Come to Young Master Yang to be happy?
Come to play? Drink
Young Master Yang doesn't come often recently.
It's not because of that Chen Ling
How did that happen?
Just because of this girl
My dad is going to kick me out
Chen Ling
Is that the one who kissed and danced with me?
How do you think he made it?
Let me tell you something.
He also hung out with their company as an intern
intern
I want to teach a good lesson
This ignorant woman
Here we go.
We will hold a second round of large-scale financing
Mr. Chen is not good
Why did the Wu family and the Yang family jointly report me?
Please rule intern
Yo, Sister Chen You, where are you going?
Is Wu Ershao trying to oppose me?
Disgusting and I kissed you first
I said it's none of your business
In fact, it's not that this matter cannot be solved
Sleep with me for a while
I'll drop the accusation against you